Adapting ParallaxComponent constructors to other components (#642)
flame-engine/flame: doc/components.md

```dart
@override
Future<void> onLoad() async {
  final parallaxComponent = await loadParallaxComponent(['bg.png', 'trees.png']);
  add(parallax);
}
```

> A ParallaxComponent can also "load itself" by implmenting the its own load method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ParallaxComponent can also "load itself" by implementing the `onLoad` method:
```

and `loadParallaxImage` so that it automatically uses your game's image cache instead of the global
one. The same for the `ParallaxComponent` file, but that provides `loadParallaxComponent`.

> Three examples implementation can be found in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three example implementations can be found in the
```

Also why is the link to the directory on a different line?
